1.What are the challenges that you have faced in your project while automating.
The main challenge is automating in Agile environment. Where the objects and the application scenario flows are
constantly changing.
Could not verify the order confirmation email after placing the order. (Verify the contents of the email).
Could not verify the exact image of the product that is being added to the cart (Image Comparison).
Forgot Password functionality, we could not read the password that was being sent to the email.
We had to wait for the user data required for registration or for creating user profile from the clients.
We could not create our own dummy data or mock data for user registration.
Could not automate taking print out of the invoice.
We could not verify the contents of the invoice generated in pdf.
Could not verify recently viewed products.
Add any other challenges that you have faced in your project

2.What are the bugs that you found through automation
Even though the product was out of stock we were able to add the product to the cart.
Total was not getting calculated properly if we add more than one product.
Items were not getting sorted property.
While filtering the product for a particular category, the application was displaying products of other categories as well.

3. How test case allotment happens your project for day to day automation.
Each user story is broken down into different test cases.
Lead assigns test cases based on complexity and experience in the project.
Test cases are categorised based on number of steps. If the test case has less than 4-6 steps
then it is categorised as simple, if the steps are between 8-12 steps then it is catagorised as medium
complexity and if the steps are more than 12 steps, then it is catagorised as complex.

4. What are your current roles and responsibility in the project.
Automation script development and execution, reporting etc.
Interacting with developers and manual testers in understanding the functionality better, reproducing
the defects found during automation, etc. (Please add if you need to add any other responsibility)

5. Quality assurance and quality check or center

6. Project
company: Infxq Knowledge Services Pvt Ltd
clint: Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited
Project Name	:	STOCK LOCATOR AND INVENTORY COUNT
Web Application	:	SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT

Supply chain management’s goal is to maintain an uninterrupted flow of goods, from the buyers to sellers.
This application is backend application in E-commerce Company Shoppify. It has sports goods (FGL sports items)
for the growth of business. It is very important that every managers and delivery boys can easily track and count
stocks. So, by using this application we can track the shipping from vendors to buyer and maintain the proper
count of items.

Inventory Count:
An inventory count, or inventory counting, is the physical verification of the numbers and condition of stocks
that are in stock which is a tool within inventory management. This is often done in order to carry out an audit
on whether the technical bookkeeping stock matches the physical warehouse stock.

Module: Count

Stock Locator:
Stock locator it is used to identify physical areas where we stored inventory stocks.
Track the stock location of product from seller to buyer.

Module: Locator

Roles and responsibility
Interacting with developers and manual testers in understanding the functionality better
Developed test automation framework using Pytest unit testing framework
Test Execution, identifying defect, preparing Bug report and raising the defect.
Coordinating with the team in analyzing and reporting issues.
Attending daily Standup meetings.
Responsible for Daily and Weekly Status report.

Ageile methedology
Scrum master assign the task to each and every engineer in our team
Then every day he conduct standup meeting(scrum call).
in stand up meeting we discussed what we have done yesterday and how many of them completed and not completed.
at the end of the day we send report to scrum master.

7. Explain the framework or what kind of framework you are using.
We are using DataDriven framework with POM approach or design pattern with pytest unittest framework.

Explain the framework structure.
my frame work consist of following folder
1. driver folder: it hold .exe file of webdriver

2. library: This folder consist
a.config: Config files holds project related structure like URL, username,password

b.conftest: Fixtures can be shared or re-used in different test methods Like Launching browser, navigating to URL,
login, logout and closing the browser and across multiple files through a special python file “conftest.py”.

The fixture present in “conftest.py” automatically get discovered by pytest.
Pytest fixture is a callable (normally a function or a generator) decorated with inbuilt pytest decorator @fixture
Fixtures are used for dependency injection or to pass the data to the test functions.

c.All generic functions for clicking on element, entering text, selecting item from the list box would be maintained
in a separate class called "SeleniumWrapper".

d.We have written a wait decorator for Synchronisation. Each generic function is being decorated with wait decorator.
So, before performing any action on a web element, the decorator checks if the element is visible and enabled.

3. POM: It consist automation script for all modules.

4. Test: This folder consist test scripts

5.Test data: For each page we create a separate work sheet and maintain all the locators in that worksheet and we maintain
separate test data sheet where we divide the test data based on modules. We maintain separate worksheet in excel for
each module. The test data required for all the test cases for each module will be maintained in the corresponding
worksheet.

6. Reports: HTML reports will be generated in "Reports" folder and all the screenshots will be taken in "Screenshots" folder.








